♪Allergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive♪
♪Just like a hug needs
the right body heat♪
♪Your "same here" carries
a touch of resolve♪
♪Pack my bags, we can set off right now♪
♪The future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure♪
♪The journey itself is what
truly matters before the destination♪
♪Those moments together
are what bind us strongest♪
♪Connect♪
♪Let's go!♪
♪Leave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality♪
♪Today, no dwelling
on negative emotions♪
♪Tomorrow holds more luck♪
♪Together we'll create moving melodies♪
♪The future begins to take shape♪
=Love in A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 16=
Mr. Lu, we heard the Lu Group
is involved in the Ye Liang fraud case.
Is that true or false?
Of course it's fake news.
Then, what about Ye Man's real identity?
Do you know the truth, Mr. Lu?
What do you mean by that?
Ye Man is my wife's son.
Didn't you all know that?
Mr. Lu, did you do a background check
on your wife when you remarried?
With a net worth like yours,
aren't you afraid
of bringing disaster upon yourself?
That's right, Mr. Lu.
Please, tell us.
I'm sorry, I have another meeting.
Mr. Lu!
- Mr. Lu!
Please answer us!
- Mr. Ye.
Please say a few words!
My father's affairs
have nothing to do with the Lu Group.
And everything has already been settled.
Who I am doesn't matter.
Please, watch your words.
Mr. Ye.
Man,
I've always had
a good impression of you.
I hope you don't let me down.
I'm sorry, Mr. Lu.
All of this...
I will handle it properly.
Good.
But you must remember,
this isn't just your family matter.
It is also
our family matter.
Understood.
Ms. Liu,
are you getting rid
of all these clothes?
Yes, Miss.
Mrs. Lu told me to throw out
the clothes she doesn't want.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
Leave them there.
I'll pick some out later
to donate to the mountains.
Of course, Miss.
Wait for me for another ten minutes.
I'll be there soon.
Hello?
This is Dr. Zhang's assistant.
How can I help you?
Hello, I'm Huang Qingbai's daughter.
My mother left
some personal items at the hospital.
But I can't find your location.
What is your specific address?
We are at 23 Huixing Road.
There is a T-junction.
Turn right and go straight,
and you'll see the hospital.
Do you need me to come pick you up?
No need.
I'll be there soon. Thank you.
Hey, Ms. Lu, you're here.
You're Tian, right?
Yes.
Keep up the good work.
He's in a bad mood today.
Don't go and disturb him.
Your outfit looks quite nice on you.
Ye Man,
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
(Hai City Medical Institution Clinical Report)
Your mother isn't pregnant.
We can finally be together openly.
Once this is exposed,
nothing can stand in our way.
Zhu, do you think
we can stay together forever?
What do you mean?
I mean...
We ignored our parents' relationship
and public opinion,
being together so recklessly.
What if we break up one day?
We won't.
What if we do?
Was everything between us before
all just a lie?
So,
are you breaking up with me now?
♪Time after time,
I repeat the same mistakes♪
♪It's because I'm too persistent♪
♪That I'm falling♪
♪This whirlpool of love♪
♪I want to escape, but I can't♪
Have we
ever really been together?
♪It's because I'm too persistent♪
♪That I'm falling♪
♪This whirlpool of love♪
♪I want to escape, but I can't♪
I just saw your sister
run out crying.
Have you really made up your mind?
Well, everyone is telling me
what's best for her.
If I don't listen, is that too selfish?
Since you've made your decision,
pull yourself together.
The roadshow is less than a week away.
The matter regarding your father
has already reached Mr. Lu's ears.
What you're looking for
will only get harder to find.
We discussed the industrial concept
of smart logistics
and the smart logistics industry
development environment and analysis.
Also...
Alright.
How about this?
If anything comes up next time,
just report to Vice President Zhang.
Understood, Mr. Lu.
Mr. Lu, it's time
for the meeting with Mr. Hu from BOC.
Alright, I've got it.
How about this?
Whatever happens
on your end from now on,
don't report it to me.
Make the decisions yourself.
Okay.
Mr. Lu, did the meeting end that quickly?
My high blood pressure
flared up. I'm dizzy.
Cancel the meeting.
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing
for what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely♪